Add documentation about vizualizing the results (#454)
kernelci/kernelci-project: kernelci.org/content/en/kernel-community/view-results.md

---
title: "Evaluating Test Results"
date: 2024-09-06
description: "Describe ways to interact with the KernelCI test results"
---

> The Kernel Community have a few options to interact with the test results available in the KernelCI. Remember this data include results from several CI systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kernel Community has a few options to interact with the test results available in the KernelCI. Remember this data includes results from several CI systems.
```

> * [**Web Dashboard**](https://dashboard.kernelci.org/)(WIP): Our new Web Dashboard aims at providing an easy way for the community to look at the tests results. It is still under development and we open to your [feedback and feature requests](https://github.com/kernelci/dashboard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**Web Dashboard**](https://dashboard.kernelci.org/)(WIP): Our new Web Dashboard aims at providing an easy way for the community to look at the test results. It is still under development and we are open to your [feedback and feature requests](https://github.com/kernelci/dashboard).
```

Author: Added these manually.

> * [**Grafana**](https://grafana.kernelci.org/): Our Grafana instance allow users to create specific dashboard with tailored queries and boards. Those who want to dive deeper in their data can engage with our Grafana instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**Grafana**](https://grafana.kernelci.org/): Our Grafana instance allow users to create specific dashboard with tailored queries and boards. Those who want to dive deeper into their data can engage with our Grafana instance.
```

Author: Added these manually.

> * **Email reports**: [KCIDB](../../kcidb) allows users to create tailored email reports through [templates](https://github.com/kernelci/kcidb/tree/main/kcidb/templates).

Reviewer: Do you think it is worth mentioning the mailing list (staging results) we are sending email reports to?

Author: Yes. Just added a mention to that.
